1.	As Jenny (a future residence), I want to find out what kind of complaints have been existed in different areas, so that I can evaluate the performance price ratio.

2.	As Lucy (a future residence), I want to know how do I figure out what other people say about difference apartment, so that I can make the best choice.


3.	As Cindy (a future residence), I want to see if there are problems presently in a neighborhood, so that I can decide if I want to move there or not.

4.	As Zinc (a future residence), I want to seek for apartments that are closed to University of Toronto and do not have security issues, so that I can live in safe while I am studying.

5.	As Babukar (a future residence) who comes from a tropical country and is not used to the cold weather in Toronto, I want to figure out the heat supply conditions of some apartments, so that I can eliminate the apartments that have heat issues. 

6.	As Eva (a future residence), I want to make sure the place where I am going to live does not have mice issues, so that I can keep away from them.

7.	As Ford (a future residence), I want to seek an apartment, which is in good condition to live in, so that I can live safely and comfortably.

8.	As Mary (a future residence), I want to check out the security conditions of an apartment so that I can move into a safe place with my 1-year-old daughter and 60-year-old mother.

9.	As Gale (a future residence), I want to seek for a quiet neighborhood to live in, so that I can concentrate on my post-secondary studies.

10.	As Jane (a current residence), I want to send out the current problem with my apartment, so that people can take the problem into consideration before they decide to move in.

11.	 As Louise (a current residence), I want to display my apartment’s heat issue online, so that the management office can take the issue seriously.

12.	As Henry (a current residence), I want to send the problem of my apartment through text message, so that I can send it out even if I don’t have internet.

13.	 As Sara (a current residence), I want to send the complaints about my apartment to the public, so that I can vent my dissatisfaction.

14.	As Jill (a future residence), I want to make sure the information on the map is the most updated, so that I can count on Acorn organization.


15.	 As Helen (an Acorn employee), I want to display the issue-histories of all the apartments, so that people can deduce if the issues are still there or not when they are seeking for apartments.

16.	As Jorden (an Acorn employee), I want to add a new problem on the map when I get a new complaint, so that I can make sure the information on the map is updated.

17.	As Jay (an Acorn employee), I want to delete a complaint if the issue is solved but keep the complaint history, so that people can have a larger range of choice when they are seeking for apartment.

18.	 As Lily (an Acorn employee), I want to collect all complaints together and show them on a map, so that it can help the lower income people to find out a place that suits them best to live in.

19.	As Ken (an Acorn employee), I want to make sure people can send their complaints through text message or Internet, so that it is convenient enough for them to provide any information.

20.	 As Peter (an Acorn employee), I want people to follow a certain format when texting their complaints, so that we can make sure we get the information we want and easy to parse.

21.	 As Jenny (an Acorn employee), I want to know which areas are have problems, so that I can arrange a time to visit and focus on the issue.
